c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DXApplication5.exe.config
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DXApplication5.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DXApplication5.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v21.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v21.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Core.Desktop.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Extensions.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v21.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v21.2.Drawing.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v21.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraSpellChecker.v21.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.SpellChecker.v21.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v21.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v21.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v21.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v21.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v21.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v21.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v21.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v21.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v21.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v21.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Core.Desktop.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Extensions.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v21.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v21.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v21.2.Drawing.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v21.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v21.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v21.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraSpellChecker.v21.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.SpellChecker.v21.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v21.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v21.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraSpellChecker.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraSpellChecker.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraSpellChecker.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraSpellChecker.v21.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v21.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\obj\Debug\DXApplication5.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\obj\Debug\DXApplication5.Form1.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\obj\Debug\DXApplication5.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\obj\Debug\DXApplication5.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\obj\Debug\DXApplication5.exe.licenses
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\obj\Debug\DXApplication5.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\obj\Debug\DXApplication5.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication5\DXApplication5\obj\Debug\DXApplication5.OutlookAppointmentForm.resources
