c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Charts.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Export.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.UI.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v18.2.Extensions.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v18.2.UI.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.Wizard.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.Extensions.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraDiagram.v18.2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Diagram.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.UI.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraReports.v18.2.Extensions.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.DataAccess.v18.2.UI.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.Wizard.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraDiagram.v18.2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Diagram.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v18.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v18.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v18.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v18.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v18.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v18.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v18.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v18.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v18.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Diagram.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Diagram.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Diagram.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Diagram.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Form1.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.XtraReport1.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.licenses
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
